%%%%% This file will explain how to run the speech-to-text API on a Raspberry pi 3b+
 %%%%%

1. Creat_VenV.py

If you want to run you program in a virtual environment (recommended), you`ll need to create one. 
This file lets you chose the path and the name of your virtual environment.
ATTENTION: This file will not work on Windows or Mac, because the file writes directly in the command window available only in Linux

It is recommended to create a virtual environment if you have multiple python programs and they use different versions of modules/Packages. By creating a virtual environment, you can isolate the necessary 
packages and run them with the right program. An old library version is used in this folder, so a virtual envrionment can be necessary

2. Install librairies

Libraries installations are quite simple with the right tools. First of all, be sure to install pip on your Raspberry pi

2.1  Activate virtual environment

If you have decided to create a virtual environment, you need to activate it to install the required packages

	1. Open the command window (Habitually a black box on the top right)
	2. write: "source /path/to/venv/bin/activate"
	3. The virtual environment name should be written in the command window

You are now ready to install libraries in the virtual environment

2.2 Install librairies for the project

	1. Open the command window
	2. Write "python3 -m pip install package" where the packages in the project are soundfile, sounddevice, google-cloud-storage and google-cloud-speech

ATTENTION: We used the version 2.0.0 for the google-cloud-speech library. The RecognitionAudio and RecognitionConfig have then been modified

	3. With these packages, the program may not work. At the moment of the project's creation, there are numpy and PortAudio problems with sounddevice and the Raspberry pi OS. 
	   You will then need to install a few more packages if it is your case.
	   Open the commande window and write: "sudo apt-get install " and then install these libraries: libportaudio2, libasound-dev and libatlas-base-dev

3. Connection to API

In the file Enregistrement.py, a key is necessary to be able to use the Speech-to-text API.
When you create your own google-cloud account, you need to be able to get the key.
The key should be a json file and must be in the same folder as Enregsitrement_test.py when it is running.

4. Run Enregistrement_test.py in the virtual environment

This section is reserved to those who use a virtual environment. 
To open the file in the virtual environment (and use the libraries inside), be sure that the virtual environment is still active.
Then, write in the command window "cd /path/to/file"
You should now be in the folder with the right files
Write in the command window "python3 Enregistrement_test.py" 
  
You should now be able to transcribe your voice into text.